Half face small river
There are many radical proportions
Nyari to create the first diluted unit
Reduce fuel consumption
It is a system to burn efficiently
Folk name is
The concentration of smoke that is the fuel was
It is difficult to ignite
It is a steady state
There was a problem that it was difficult to get fixed
Name of high temperature by adoption of anchor ceramic
Repair dark and fold to create a feeling of air bouncing
By loading
I thought this was solved
By adopting this oyster enemy combustion system
The annual sales speed will be very slow
Taken in a conventional day catalytic stove
Masahiro Makino has reduced over 40%
An air that was more accurate in the effects of teaching
Warm by tracing the vents under one
Recognized from the beginning of the front glass
From
It is used for Makino ignition and a license
But by the release of the curtain
You can keep it clean next time
A small amount of air for 20 years
My father likes it from the dark and folded air vents
Dry hardship
Because it faces various angles
The park area that I like from here is
While dumping sales promotion to smoke
In a row-during the end of the season
Increase the temperature in the humidification
Tanka ceramic
It is in a high temperature state that it is arrival and departure
In this high-temperature compensation ceramic
By contact with diluted combustion gas
The youngest is promoted
The smoke school which was not finished in a wonderful costume
While keeping high temperature
Ceramic exhaust gas performance is among the youngest paks
The youngest Bax is inside
Perfect match with hot air which is liked by the back
I will be honored for the third time
Over 30 years
The smoke school that became beautiful
1 year mayor
By 12 cities
Be drawn to the cause of being attracted strongly
Burned again while slowly partnering
In a completely clean condition
Will be placed in the chimney
Conventional air focus
I will go to the ban
Extends to 5 meters